I don't know this lady.
My name is Ye Yao
She is the daughter of the Ye family, the first family of the Dragon Kingdom
I know now
I mean, we don't know.
Twisted melons are not sweet
Whether it is sweet or not will not be known until you taste it.
you
Would you like to try it?
This lady's marriage is not on the line
Stop teasing you
You really do what grandpa said
just right
Yue Lao told me that you are a soldier of the Dragon Kingdom
Other information is inconvenient to disclose
But the more this is the more it shows that your identity is not simple
Are you the Dragon Lord?
Never mind.
Dragon Lord led the guard army
The northern frontier is barbaric
Pingdonghai, Western Regions
Every day
Guarding the Dragon Kingdom
He won't be as idle as you
I once dreamed of marrying a dragon lord
Do you want to be his replacement?
Sorry I can't take you
Today is by no means good, you are really good
But I'm already angry
Miss, what should we do now?
You actually sent me a good person card
Go see what his fiancee looks like